Fix failing tests (#248)
sparksuite/w3c-css-validator: website/docs/notes/alternative-validator-service.md

---
title: Alternative validator service
---

You can provide a self-hosted alternative validator service hosted on your own platform.

To use an alternative service update the `CSS_VALIDATOR_URL` to the base URL of the css-validated hosted by you depending on your use case:
  * Node.js: Set the environment variable `CSS_VALIDATOR_URL`
  * Browser: Set `window.CSS_VALIDATOR_URL`

> A `Dockerfile` is provided with this packages source and can be launched locally with `yarn run server` or copied and built into your own platform.  

Reviewer: Some light rewriting to help clarify things and stylize it how we typically would:

```suggestion
You can provide a self-hosted alternative validator service, as long as it’s compatible with the W3C CSS Validator API.

To use an alternative service, set `CSS_VALIDATOR_URL` to the base URL of the alternative validator service in an environment-appropriate way:
- **Node.js:** Set the `CSS_VALIDATOR_URL` environment variable
- **Browser:** Set `window.CSS_VALIDATOR_URL`

A `Dockerfile` is contained in the GitHub repository and can be launched with `yarn run server` or referenced to build your own alternative service.
```
